What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	The hidden directory .git is created, with a bunch of subdirectories inside.
	Needs to be done so the file structure of the repository is ready to log the commits.
	
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area defines which filea(and directories?) will be affected by a commit, and so
	we can exclude certain parts of the working directory through it.
	It allows definiting a logical connection between the files to be committed.
	
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Even if you have modified a bunch of unrelated file, you can only add some of them to the
	staging area for a commit. This makes it possible to divide the changes into several commits
	that only change logically related files.
	
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? 
How would branches help?

	If you want to try out a change while keeping a "main" version and make other, minor changes to it.
	Or you can just split the work into two logical parts.
	
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams show at a glance what is connected to what, and what is separate. This is going to
	most likely become important as the tree of commits gets more and more complicated.
	
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	All changes relative to the last common branch will be applied. References to commits from both branches
	will be kept in chronological order. The branch we started from when we did the commit will become the 
	new unified branch, but the secondary branches will remain until deleted.
	The diagram shows this by having the new unified branch with multiple parents, which is reasonable.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Automatic merging saves a *lot* of time when the changes are well-separated, so in those cases
	it's much better than doing it manually. However, too much automatic merging can wreck havok 
	to code if it merges conflicting changes incorrectly.